`hds-clipboard`: add `clipboard-polyfill` to support more environments (#2525)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/soft-pets-hear.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": minor
---

> `hds-clipboard`: add `clipboard-polyfill` to support more environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hds-clipboard`: add `clipboard-polyfill` to support product usage in non-secure environments
```

> `hds-clipboard`: add `clipboard-polyfill` to support product usage in non-secure environments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`hds-clipboard` (`Copy::Button`, `Copy::Snippet`, `CodeBlock`, `MaskedInput`): add `clipboard-polyfill` to support product usage in non-secure environments
```
